Water… Oh, yeah.
That's where you wanna go.
If you head just a little way's
past that elevated track,
there's an underground passage.
Water builds up there all the time.
[Kiruko] Sweet, thanks.
We'll head over there.
Uh, wait! Don't you guys need
somewhere to rest first?
We've got the cleanest rooms,
and the freshest futons in town.
Come on.
Sorry, but we don't really have time
to hang around.
Uh-- Oh.
Right, of course.
Although,
I guess if we're heading to get water,
it wouldn't hurt to leave our bags
somewhere for a while.
With any luck,
we'll have a lot of water to haul.
[laughs]
[Maru] You totally just did that
to give her money.
You're too nice.
What if she tries to rob us?
Well, she'd be out of luck,
'cause we are broke.
She told us to keep our valuables
with us, right?
We can trust her.
You know, probably.
[Maru] Oh, hey! Look!
You think that's our underground passage?
[Maru grunts]
[water dripping]
[gasps]
Run off.
There could be all kinds of nasty bacteria
living in there.
Not exactly safe for us to drink.
There's someone over there!
Hey, get out of there! The bacteria!
[sighs]
[groans]
Guy's in pretty bad shape.
Is he still alive?
[stranger] My friend…
Please, you gotta help him.
It was a monster.
Damn thing got him.
I'm begging you.
Leave.
Oh, man.
I think his friend's already a goner.
-Sis, look.
-[gasps]
-[howling]
Let's go!
[Maru whimpers]
-Boom goes the dynamite.
-Huh?
[Kiruko] Don't love that I had to squander
a bullet on him, but look.
He's done for.
Whoa!
Once you know something's
gonna chase after you,
setting up a trap's easy.
[Maru] It's crazy how fast
you come up with this stuff.
[Kiruko chuckles]
You're up, Maru. Go do your thing.
Oh, uh-- Right.
Okay…
Fatal Dive!
[echoing]
Fatal Dive! Fatal Dive! Fatal Dive!
Huh?
Hmm?
[soft howl]
Uh-oh.
[Maru] It's not a Hiruko, it's an animal!
-[Kiruko] Wait, are you serious?
-[Maru] Run, run!
-[Kiruko] Okay. Maru, over here!
-[Maru] Run!
-[bear groans]
-[Kiruko] Here, hurry up, come on!
-[Maru panting]
-[Kiruko] Climb up now!
[Maru] Please don't leave me!
-[objects clatter]
-[both clamoring]
[Kiruko sighs]
Wow. My parkour skills are on point.
[both gasp]
[both] There's a freaking bear down there!
You have no idea
how scary that was for me.
I thought I was just gonna do
the Maru Touch,
but what I did was literally poke a bear.
I saw death today.
-I stared at it from this close!
-I'm so sorry!
That guy told us it was a monster,
so I thought--
It's not your fault, or that guy's fault.
It basically is a monster. Look at it!
I mean, yeah, it's huge and feral,
and hungry,
but at least it can't climb ladders.
A gorilla would be way worse.
[groans]
[Kiruko] Amazing.
It's gonna get cold soon.
Oh, hey. Where did the bear go?
It was circling the place like a big
furry buzzard, but now it's gone.
Let's go before it comes back.
I only have one round left
if the fourth shot works.
-And do you think it's gonna?
-Um…
I'll warm up the battery.
-Uh-oh.
-"Uh-oh" what?
So, bad news.
I dropped the battery.
But the good news is-- Uh--
[crying] The good news is-- Uh--
There is no good news, is there?
Oh, come on. That is a long way down.
-Go get it.
-Oh, yeah, right.
What if that bear's
still hanging around somewhere?
[Kiruko] Look at me, Maru.
What do you see?
Am I a woman, or am I a man?
What?
Where did that come from?
[Kiruko] Hmm?
I mean, I'm sorry, dude,
but you look like a girl.
Are you gonna tell me this was a test
and I've failed now, or what?
[Kiruko exclaims]
I'll let you touch my boobs
if you go get--
[Kiruko] Oh, you jumped?
Oh, my God, you are so stupid!
-[chuckles]
-[sighs]
[gasps] Look out!
-[howling]
-It's back!
[grunting]
-[growling]
-[Maru groans]
Damn thing was waiting for us.
It definitely won't leave us alone.
So either we just live here now,
or we try to kill it.
[Kiruko] Yeah, about that…
I gotta tell ya,
the only reason
I'm not bear chow right now
is because
the adrenaline rush helped me climb.
There's no way I can get back down.
Sorry, what?
Listen, normal people
aren't spider monkeys like you, okay?
It's a miracle I even made it up here.
So, here's the plan.
You're gonna take the Kiru-Beam,
shimmy on down there, and one-hit-KO
that bear in the face.
Then I'll jump down and use the
bear's corpse to cushion my fall.
Good news is, it's a regular animal.
All you need is one shot to the head.
Okay, so props for creativity on your
plan, but one flaw.
There's no freaking way I'll hit its head.
I can't shoot like you.
Am I really that good of a shot?
Are you being serious?
I have seen you shoot a power pole
while climbing a fence,
and wing a dude in the arm
while running away.
So I'm-- I'm good at this?
Well, yeah. Of course you are.
I would have died at least five times
already without you.
What's wrong?
You think I'm good?
[Haruki] I'll be okay,
I have my gun, remember?
[Robin] Did you think
I was playing around?
When I tell you to stay put, you do it!
[Haruki] It's plenty of time.
I've got this.
-[Kiruko] Okay.
-Hmm?
We're gonna make a new plan.
First, we'll get ourselves warmed up,
while we wait for the bear to wander away.
-[Maru] And once it does?
-That's where you come in.
Climb down while it's distracted.
[groans]
[Kiruko] As soon as you land,
it's trust fall time for me.
[whimpers, screams]
After you catch me,
run away as fast as you can.
[Maru] What about you?
What if the fourth shot won't fire?
[growling]
[Kiruko] If that happens…
Then I'll make sure to hold it off
until you get away.
[squelching]
[sighs deeply]
[panting]
[gasps] Why the hell didn't you run away?
Did you seriously think
I'd follow your terrible plan,
and just let a bear maul you to death?
That hurts, man.
[chuckles] You underestimate me.
I knew the shot would go off
the whole time.
Yeah?
The battery had the power
of your horny energy.
-It was your idea. You can't pick on me.
-[laughs]
-Sis, stop it!
-[Kiruko laughing]
[bystander 1] Iwata! Come on, wake up!
Iwata!
-[Totori] Iwata…
-[bystander 2] Shimomoto didn't make it.
-[bystander 3] Totori.
-Huh?
Tell me about the people
who brought him here.
They just said their names
were of no importance,
and were gone on the breeze.
-[bystander 1] Seriously?
-Who the hell were they?
They took that bear on all alone?
-I was hoping to meet them.
-[bystander 2] Same here.
[bystander 3] Since when do bears
even live here, anyway?
Man, I love animals.
Their bodies don't disappear,
and we can eat them.
Okay, Maru.
I got tricked back there,
and I'm gonna tell you how.
Wait, we got tricked?
You know those vigilantes
we met in the tent city?
Well, they're bandits,
and they lured us right into a trap.
How could those guys have lured us?
100% safe water?
-[Maru] Oh.
-Yeah.
I bet their plan was to block the entrance
to that underground passage
once we got close.
The map-seller was definitely
in on it too.
Are you saying the whole map
is useless lies we can't trust, then?
I assume some of it's real, but who knows?
That's enough regret for now.
Let's get some rest.
I know we didn't plan on staying,
but we're here now.
Maru, aren't you gonna go to your room?
You know, she gave us two.
I'll see you in the morning.
[Maru]
Isn't there something you're forgetting?
[Kiruko] Huh?
You and I had a deal.
And I made good on my end of it, Sis.
-[Kiruko] Uh…
-I put my life on the line.
Time to let me touch your boobs.
[Kiruko] My sister's hair used to be
straight and black.
Apparently, sometimes your hair can change
after you get injured
or you go through a major stress.
That could be why
I started growing this dry, red hair,
that looks nothing like hers used to.
But I think it's a warning from my sister:
"You'd better not mess with my body."
Know what I mean?
[Maru] Cool story.
Now take off your jacket.
I mean, it's your call, dude.
Just remember that
this is whose boobs you're touching.
This guy right here.
But as long as you're cool with that,
I'll hold up my end of the deal as a man
'cause that's what men do.
So keep that in mind.
-[Maru grunts]
-[Kiruko squeals] Whoa!
[Kiruko] Okay, let's set some
ground rules first, all right?
Like how many seconds you-- [screams]
[both]
Well, that sure sounded like a girl.
[door opens]
Hey, lovebirds.
What part of "the cleanest futons in town"
don't you understand?
-Come on, perv. Let's go.
-Wait!
[whimpering]
Now that that's done,
how about you give me a try?
800K, or you can fork over
your solar-powered light. What do you say?
So you did go through our stuff after all.
Well, yeah. But I didn't take anything.
So, what's your deal?
Want me to keep
the bandana on during or no?
Oh, my name's Totori, by the way.
I don't know my last name.
[stammering] No… Bad--
Thanks, but no thanks to all of this.
For your information,
I like older girls and-- [gasps]
-Oh.
-[giggles]
[heart beating]
-[Maru gasps]
-[Totori shrieks]
Are you a--
Hey, Sis! Get in here now!
[Totori] Ugh! What are you doing?
-Get off!
-[Maru] Stay still. Don't move.
-Hurry up, Sis!
-Hey! What's the matter?
-Sis, I got in!
-Ow, that hurts. Stop it.
You got in where?
[gasps]
What the hell have you done?
No…
[narrator] Maru realized that
no explanation would ever be enough
to save him from this humiliation.
The misunderstanding was as deep and dark
as the gaping pit of despair
that swallowed his soul.
[medical robot]
No illnesses have been detected.
So, there's nothing wrong? What a relief.
Your body is showing signs of fatigue.
A nap is advised at this time.
[students chattering]
[gasps]
Who's there?
Uh… Wait, what?
[gasps, screams]
[breathing heavily]
A-Asura?
What are you good at, Tokio?
[Tokio] What do you mean?
Where'd you go?
[gasps]
[shrieks] No! What's happening to me?
Doctor, help me!
Doctor!
[gasps]
A dream?
[sighs, whimpers]
So, how are you feeling?
[Tokio] Uh, o-okay, I think.
Hmm.
We are so sorry again.
[Maru] This place is my heaven now.
I promise I'll spend the rest of my life
trying to earn your forgiveness.
Oh, my.
This is fun,
but the groveling is kind of a lot.
-You can get up already. Come on.
-[both sigh]
This guy didn't do anything wrong.
I swear, the whole thing was my idea.
Thank you so much.
[Totori]
I mean, you can ask about my past,
but I'm just a typical orphan.
You know, I don't even remember a time
it wasn't just me and the vigilantes
out here.
You were born after the Great Disaster
and raised by strangers?
So then your parents might be alive
out there somewhere.
Well, it's not like meeting them
would do me any good.
For me, it's all about what's profitable.
And anything that feels good
makes you a lot of money.
First, I'm gonna rent out
more and more clean rooms and futons.
Then, I'm gonna have a whole bunch of sex
with the customers who aren't skeezy.
And then I'm gonna be the King of Hotels!
[Maru] I don't get how I was able to
go into a human like that.
I mean, I'm glad that
everything got cleared up but still.
I thought I was gonna have to kill her
with the Maru-Touch to prove it happened.
I was really freaked out
for a minute there.
Hold up.
What happened to the Failure Dive?
See, I knew you were gonna rub that in.
As soon as I said it, I thought,
"Sis won't let that go."
And I was right.
[Kiruko] Oh, now I remember.
Fatal Dive!
[Maru sobbing] Leave me alone!
[broom sweeping]
[Kiruko] Well, see you.
Those futons were really comfy.
Where's all that energy
you had last night?
You're looking kinda rough today.
I heard the boss died.
-[Maru gasps]
-It happened early this morning.
You guys saved him but he's still…
He was always so strong,
and I didn't even think he could die.
He was always a really good boss to us,
you know?
But it's fine. Death's just part of life.
[sniffles]
[Kiruko] Wanna come with us?
Hmm.
Mm-mmm.
[Kiruko] Okay.
Do it! Become the King of Hotels.
I guess even a guy like that
can end up with people who care about him.
You know,
if I was born and raised in this area,
I might have been one of his crew.
You're looking a lot better
than last time.
I was just worried about something.
But I'm great now.
I'm glad.
DETECTING DETAILED POINTS
So I was right. This is it.
There's only one person
that footprint could have belonged to.
And it's Tokio.
But how? Without anyone noticing?
[Tokio] I know how this sounds,
but I saw Asura's ghost today.
-Really?
-Maybe.
It might have been a dream.
You liked Asura a lot, didn't you?
Yeah.
I did.
But it was a different kind of love
than the love I feel for you.
You know that, right?
[giggles]